If you've read me prototype game concept, that will make it easier for you to understand this article.

Indeed, the counterpart of developing "3D realistic" virtual content is to suffer from wild friendly attack.

But if you take part into the development of a completely new operator which prototype has been presented a basic tool for a fearless explorer, you can change the game rule.

Being a game master doesn't mean to be an experimented coder.

The subversive part of the process is that if the norms change, you're status as senior can be revoked.

The Facebook process is very vicious, because it forces you to change the way to make friends. 

You should read Feudal_VS_Imperials from FacebookTrash repository before reading the next part.

The crimson squade is reincarnating through facebook developers I nicknamed "blood dogs".

Dogs are fidels life beings to the people, the friend creature of the human being.

The game development forecast I make here is to state that war strategy game rule may follow a major change about the TK impact in the outcome of the game.

It is barly possible for one developer to do so all by himself, but the way teaming up to produce a great produce is changing through the covid-19.

The way to get to the feudal group to deal with a new subitem implementation is the way how people will work together to rule de friendly kill situation to make coincidence

between the resource crisis between USA and Iran and the way to profesional player will maintain his statue, or being revoked for bad playstyle.

Why "3D realistic" content is that bad for the future ?

The curse of the crimson is the dark side of the friend tools which final goal is to live from a bloodshed with friendly dead strikes.

They want the advantage by performing deadly attacks on disabled people lured into a fake friend circle process.

What kind of development will be possible if the violence reaches the development circle itself ?

What kind of defense will be established when the time will come to face friend cheater from the Crimson hiding themselves with blue brand color ?

3D high textured content may lead the people to a new betrayal cycle which will change the game rules.

Then, is that a good thing to be aknowledge a developer if that means being a traitor ?
Is is a bad thing not to be a good developer but not being a traitor ?

In order to get a clean code, people should ban those "blood dogs" from the scope of development and programmation.

If they reveal their source code, I am sure many people would copy it for money purpose.

But I am a real fan of war strategy game, and that revelation may also involve friend betrayal...for money.

This is a modern way of enslavement.

Friendship doesn't mean selling friends.

Your wealth is your friends.

But if people do want money that much, they will sell their friends as slaves to get the money from a purposed revealed source code to demonstrate the role of the feudal group

as a war strategy game.

If such a thing would be to happen, then the development itself will disappear while following a feudal trajectory to the extinction.

Many jobs have disappeared over time, many others have been created next, and the cycle may restart soon...removing the development job from the scope itself.

In this game; who's the winner, who's the looser ?

This is just a forecast, but through my first C++ application, I can make an archetype of the story telling through a new way to deal with the wastes by stating the fact that

dropping out something involves to fuse words to one another.

What do you think about that ?

You should never mistake between virtual and reality.

Fusing Words may be the method that will give you a special orientation that will prevent you to suffer from onirism.

If you have dreams, but the reality leads you to hell, that makes you be a crazy guy.

Then, be aware the hell is your living place, what can be done without the feudal process with an unreachable paradise ?

Parsing the good and the bad is my job.

If my forecast is wrong, leave a comment.

My english is not perfect, but that should feet for an international communication about war strategy handling global effect with a call to be aware of the subversive issue that 

friendship may involve since the Crimson Squad is on the Facebook side.
